---
title: Millencolin - No Cigar
youtube_id: OChjVLHlkVE
date: 2023-07-03
tags: [Music]
---
Track Number 1 of the album called PennyBridge Pioneers.  

LYRICS:  

Tell us where you're from,  
what you want to become.  
And we'll say if you're OK.  
Where did you go to school?  
Right answer and you're cool.  
Yeah, you're the kid the whole day.  

You get a sticker in your face.  
Information about the case,  
so you know your potential.  
Don't you think you can extend.  
Don't you think you can extend, just comprehend.  
But I don't wanna hear it,  
no, it's more than I accept.  

'Cause I don't care where I belong no more.  
What we share or not I will ignore.  
I will ignore.  

We will shut you out.  
We'll put you in doubt.  
If you think that you're special.  
We'll tell you who you are.  
Tell you that you're close but no cigar.  
But I don't wanna hear it,  
no, it's more than I accept.  

'Cause I don't care where I belong no more.  
What we share or not I will ignore.  
And I won't waste my time fitting in.  
'Cause I don't think contrast is a sin.  

What they say is  
Go back, where you came from.  
They'll tell you that, but I don't wanna hear.  
No I don't wanna hear. No I don't wanna hear it.  
No, it's more than I accept.  

'Cause I don't care where I belong no more.  
What we share or not I will ignore.  
And I won't waste my time fitting in.  
'Cause I don't think contrast is a sin.  
No it's not a sin.  




No copyright infringement intended. Uploaded for simple and personal pleasure. It's not my intention to violate any copyright.  

[Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OChjVLHlkVE)  